## I. Start A New Project in e2 studio

### 1. FSP Project for RZ/T2M
`Caution`: RZ/T-FSP is currently only supported on <b>Windows</b>. All the directories shall be <b>ASCII words</b> to be recognizable to the compiler. 

- Choose `RZ/T C/C++ FSP Project` when starting a new project.
- When selecting `Board` choose `RSK+RZ/T2M` series with boot mode specified (RAM execution can easily be switched to xSPI boot mode.).
- Choose the `Device`. Our current device is `R9A07G075M24GBG` (RZ/T2M 320Pin).
- Choose your language. By default, the code generator can only generate c programs, and thus to use c++ requires mixed compilation.
- Choose the toolchain. Latest ARM GNU toolchains are available at [ARM GNU ToolChain](https://developer.arm.com/downloads/-/arm-gnu-toolchain-downloads). We can add `ToolChain` through `Help` `Add Renesas ToolChain` and enter the toolchain management page to add a new one or modify an old one.
- A template is suggested!

### 1* Q&A
How to open a window if closed accidentally?

Click `Window` (窗口), and then `View` or `Perspective`. You can also find such things as `Project Explorer` and `Debug` there.

### 2. Peripheral Configuration
- After starting a new project, we need the help of code generator to generate the code, which means `configuration.xml` shall be configured first.   
- With pressing `New Stack`, new hardware driver programs will be generated then by pressing `Generate Project Content`.


### 3. Heap Size Configuration
- A sufficiently large heap shall be ensured to enable valid execution of dynamic memory space allocation.
- Open `configuration.xml`, click `BSP`, and then click `Properties` (`属性`) <b>in the buttom terminal</b>. 
- Change `Stack Size` and `Heap Size` to the amount in need.
- By default, there is only 4KB (0x1000 bytes) for each stack (altogether 8 stacks, 32KB), and 32KB (0x8000 bytes) for heap.